next we're going to talk about
representation of large numbers
specifically we're going to talk about
short word form but before we do that
we're going to take this example this
example is in standard form
and I'm sure you're familiar with this
that this is a standard way that we
write a large number like this now in
wood form okay we're going to get to the
short would form Internet but the wood
form is very wordy okay to to express
this number you're going to write two
million
flowers and
seventy
it and this is called the the word form
so basically we take these numerals and
write it out in words and it's pretty
worded now we have what's known as the
short word form which contracts this
information and still give you an excuse
of a love this number okay this is
called a short word phone and what we're
doing is we're basically taking some
shortcuts so we're going to use numerals
again two million three hundred forty
five thousand
600 subject so we have contracted a lot
of these words but still give the same
information so we're using woods only to
indicate major breaks for instance this
million this is spell out this Towson is
spell up but anything in between will
use numerals